README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
I created this git repository for the bikeshare project on 22-FEB-2022

### Project Title
The Bikeshare Project

### Description
The Bikeshare project uses python code to take user input prompts to filter bikeshare data and provide several outputs. the code will output the following information for users:
The code output(per requirements):
    #1 Popular times of travel (i.e., occurs most often in the start time)
    most common month
    most common day of week
    most common hour of day
    #2 Popular stations and trip
    most common start station
    most common end station
    most common trip from start to end (i.e., most frequent combination of start station and end station)
    #3 Trip duration
    total travel time
    average travel time
    #4 User info
    counts of each user type
    counts of each gender (only available for NYC and Chicago)
    earliest, most recent, most common year of birth (only available for NYC and Chicago)
    #5 show raw data
    Iterations of 5 rows of data beginning with the first 5 rows.

### Files used
Include the files used

### Credits
It's important to give proper credit. Add links to any repo that inspired you or blogposts you consulted.

Commit message:

docs: add files used and credits to README

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
I created this git repository for the bikeshare project on 22-FEB-2022

### Project Title
The Bikeshare Project

### Description
The Bikeshare project uses python code to take user input prompts to filter bikeshare data and provide several outputs. the code will output the following information for users:
The code output(per requirements):
    #1 Popular times of travel (i.e., occurs most often in the start time)
    most common month
    most common day of week
    most common hour of day
    #2 Popular stations and trip
    most common start station
    most common end station
    most common trip from start to end (i.e., most frequent combination of start station and end station)
    #3 Trip duration
    total travel time
    average travel time
    #4 User info
    counts of each user type
    counts of each gender (only available for NYC and Chicago)
    earliest, most recent, most common year of birth (only available for NYC and Chicago)
    #5 show raw data
    Iterations of 5 rows of data beginning with the first 5 rows.

### Files used
Bikeshare.py
Chicago.csv
New_York_city.csv
Washington.csv

### Credits
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3754620/what-does-while-true-mean-in-python
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/python-while-loop-tutorial/
The freecodecamp tutorial also gives a detailed explanation of the user input() and while loop, with a syntax example, which I combined with the knowledge from lesson 6 Udacity course.

I also used the pandas docs:
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/index.html#user-guide
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/10min.html

NumPy Manual https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy-1.13.0/contents.html

I also looked at the git documentation to help with any specs on this publication
https://git-scm.com/docs
